---
layout: post
title: Corners and Crevices
subtitle: Written 1/29/2019
cover-img: /assets/img/sanctuary.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/sanctuary.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/sanctuary.jpg
tags: [Writing, Poetry]
---

<span style="font-size:16px">
*(Written in 2019 while the United Methodist Church was conemplating passage of the so-called Traditional Plan and published here upon learning that my childhood church had split to join the Global Methodist Church)*
</span>

<strong>
About two hours have passed  
since the congregation paraded  
through those double doors  
all headed home  
or maybe out to Petty's  
for chicken-fried steak and catfish  
with a side of fried pickles.
</strong>

<strong>
But I'm still here, hunched over in the pew,  
elbows digging Jupiter-spots  
into my thighs through my khakis,  
which are neatly pressed,  
just like Mom always made me do.
</strong>

<strong>
By then, the sanctuary was nearly silent, save  
for some old hymns hiding in the corners and crevices  
of this old ventricle.  
"He walks with me,  
and he talks with me&mdash"
</strong>

<strong>
*Hello?  
Yes,  
uh, I'd like to file a formal complaint.  
Sometime this morning I placed  
an order with you.  
1.5 hours of joy, connectedness, escape from life.  
No,  
I received the shipment just fine,  
but I, well, I looked inside,  
and it was missing something;  
I'm sorry,  
I wish I could tell you exactly what.  
Okay,  
Alright,  
I'll wait here until you can fulfill my request.  
Thank you,  
Yeah, you too.*
</strong>

<span style="font-size:16px">
Image Credit: Bradly, Bill. [Sanctuary at First United Methodist Church], photograph, 1989; ([https://texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth6292/m1/1/](https://texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth6292/m1/1/): accessed March 20, 2023), University of North Texas Libraries, The Portal to Texas History, [https://texashistory.unt.edu](https://texashistory.unt.edu); crediting Deaf Smith County Library.
</span>